README.md, before:

# <img src="./src/assets/img/Pokeball.svg" alt="Poké Ball" width="25" height="25"> PokeAPI

A simple app that fetches and displays Pokémon data from PokeAPI. Users can search for Pokémon by name or ID and view their stats, abilities, and types. Includes a loading animation with a rotating Pokeball for a smoother user experience.

## Features

### Loading Spinner

- Displays `Loading` text with a rotating Pokeball animation using keyframes.
- Estimated time: 5 minutes
- Time to finish: 7.5 minutes

### Navbar

- Displays a `Navbar` component with the pokeAPI image and other links
- Estimated time: 20 minutes
- Time to finish: 25 minutes

### Pokemon Card UI / Logic

- Display pokemon cards depending of the content that is in variables.js `pokemons`
- Estimated time: 30 minutes
- Time to finish: 45 minutes

### Fetch Pokemon API

- Estimated time: 1 hour
- Time to finish: 1.25 hour

### Pass all since react to only javascript

- Estimated time: 1 hour
- Time to finish: 45 minutes

### Connect the content API to Home

- Estimated time: 30 minutes
- Time to finish: 45 minutes

### Search pokemon filter input

- Display a `search input to filter` the pokemons
- Estimated time: 30 minutes
- Time to finish: 1.5 hours

### Page system

- Display a `page system` to show the pokemons
- Estimated time: 30 minutes
- Time to finish: 1 hour

## How to run this code

- clone the repository
- open the index.html file in your browser

Commit message:

feat(README.md): add Pokemon page section

README.md, after:

# <img src="./src/assets/img/Pokeball.svg" alt="Poké Ball" width="25" height="25"> PokeAPI

A simple app that fetches and displays Pokémon data from PokeAPI. Users can search for Pokémon by name or ID and view their stats, abilities, and types. Includes a loading animation with a rotating Pokeball for a smoother user experience.

## Features

### Loading Spinner

- Displays `Loading` text with a rotating Pokeball animation using keyframes.
- Estimated time: 5 minutes
- Time to finish: 7.5 minutes

### Navbar

- Displays a `Navbar` component with the pokeAPI image and other links
- Estimated time: 20 minutes
- Time to finish: 25 minutes

### Pokemon Card UI / Logic

- Display pokemon cards depending of the content that is in variables.js `pokemons`
- Estimated time: 30 minutes
- Time to finish: 45 minutes

### Fetch Pokemon API

- Estimated time: 1 hour
- Time to finish: 1.25 hour

### Pass all since react to only javascript

- Estimated time: 1 hour
- Time to finish: 45 minutes

### Connect the content API to Home

- Estimated time: 30 minutes
- Time to finish: 45 minutes

### Search pokemon filter input

- Display a `search input to filter` the pokemons
- Estimated time: 30 minutes
- Time to finish: 1.5 hours

### Page system

- Display a `page system` to show the pokemons
- Estimated time: 30 minutes
- Time to finish: 1 hour

### Pokemon page

- Display a `pokemon page` to show the pokemon details
- Estimated time: 1 hour
- Time to finish: 45 minutes

## How to run this code

- clone the repository
- open the index.html file in your browser
